#
#---- [ ID_PROVALENTINA STYLE FAQ - BY ISHIMARU DESIGN ] ----
#

Here I answer to a few questions that you might have regarding the Id_ProValentina style.

Q - Why are the buttons available only for languages using Latin alphabet ?
A - The reason is simple : The font I used for the style is available only in Latin alphabet.  And since I speak only French and English and I speak no language that requires a different alphabet, such as Arabic, Russian, Chinese, Japanese or Thai, I cannot use another language than English or French (and barely Spanish) as my system language and for my keyboard settings.  For all these reasons, I cannot make non-Latin translations.

Q - Which font did you use for the site logo and buttons ?
A - The font I used is named "Fiolex Girls" and can be found on www.dafont.com in the Valentines fonts category.

Q - Why are some accents missing in buttons ?
A - The font I use does support only the most common accents such as the ones used in French language.  Accentuated characters such as the ones with an horizontal bar or a V-shaped accent aren't supported.  So, I cannot do any miracle about that, it's up to the font's author.

Q - Can I modify this style for my needs ?
A - You can modify it without any problem, whatever the modification degree.  I even included GIMP and Photoshop files to make modifications easier on the graphics side.  But all I ask you is to keep the copyright notice (Id_Provalentina style by Ishimaru Design) if you want support for the style in phpBB communities and on my own board.  However, you can add a "Modified by X" notice just after the copyright notice.

Q - Why did you make this style while other Valentines styles already exists ?
A - The style was originally made for a phpBB2 forum.  Then I wanted to port it to phpBB3, because I think that if users like my phpBB2 styles, they would want them for phpBB3.  And it's always good to have the choice between several styles when it comes to events such as Christmas, Halloween, Valentines or Easter, and not all people have the same taste regarding color schemes and design style, and each graphic designer has his/her own vision of a Valentines style.  On my side, I wanted to make it sober and clean while keeping the Valentines feel and using a pink color scheme.

Q - Which softwares did you use to make this style ?
A - As I mostly work under Ubuntu (a flavor of Linux), I work with apps that are shipped with Ubuntu, or are available in the software center.  I used GIMP to make all the buttons, folders, backgrounds and icon recolorizing.  And I used gedit to edit the files.
When I have to work under Windows, I use GIMP, Inkscape and Notepad++.

Q - Why did you provide both PSD and XCF files instead of just providing PSD files ?
A - Since I made my graphics with Gimp, I decided to provide both formats for commodity reasons for GIMP users.  When you use GIMP, it's always recommended to work with the native file, when possible, because the PSD format which is a closed format, isn't fully supported by GIMP.  So, I preferred to provide both formats, so GIMP users can work with the native format while Photoshop users are able to do modifications as well.

Q - Are you going to port this style to other forum platforms ?
A - This style was originally made for phpBB2, then I ported it to phpBB3.  I'm also considering about porting it to FluxBB and to phpBB3's subsilver2 base style, if I have time.


Any new question will be added to this txt file if there is any, next time I update the style.
